gh-101552: Allow pydoc to display signatures in source format (#124669)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-27-06-39-32.gh-issue-101552.xYkzag.rst

> Add a *format* parameter to :func:`inspect.signature`. Add an
> *unquote_annotations* parameter to :meth:`inspect.Signature.format`. Use the

Author: ```suggestion
Add an *annoation_format* parameter to :func:`inspect.signature`. Add an
*quote_annotation_strings* parameter to :meth:`inspect.Signature.format`. Use the
```
